# Placenote SDK Unity Sample app.
The Placenote Software development kit (SDK) allows developers to create mobile applications that are location aware indoors, in and around complex buildings and with respect to instruments and machinery without the need for GPS, markers or beacons. The SDK is compatible with all ARKit enabled phones and can be used to create persistent augmented reality experiences using Unity!
The Placenote SDK Unity Sample app provided here is to serve as an example on how to integrate the SDK into a Unity app. This app is written primarily in C#. Questions? Comments? Issues? Come see us on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/placenotedevs/shared_invite/enQtMjk5ODk2MzM0NDMzLTIzMjQwZTAxMzYxYWMyMjY1NzZmYTA2YjY0OGU5NzAzNjUxN2M1ZTQ1ZWZiYzI4ZDg4NGU1ZjQ0ZTA4NDY0OWI)

* Note: The Placenote SDK for Unity currently only supports ARKit enabled iOS devices

## Getting Started

* First off, you will need to create a developer account and generate an API Key on our website:
  * https://developer.placenote.com/
* Copy your API key you just created we will need it later
* Choose one of the following methods to get our SDK into your project:

## Import the Placenote SDK

### Using the Unity Asset Store
* Coming soon! Waiting for the Unity Asset Store team to review Placenote

### Using the .unitypackage
* Download the latest Placenote release Unity package from here:
  * https://github.com/Placenote/PlacenoteSDK-Unity/releases
* Double-click it to import it into your Unity project

### Using our Github repo
* Clone this repository
* Critical library files are stored using lfs, which is the large file storage mechanism for git.
  * To Install these files, install lfs either using HomeBrew:
  
     ```Shell Session 
     brew install git-lfs
     ```

      or MacPorts: 
      ```Shell Session
      port install git-lfs
      ```
   
  * And then, to get the library files, run: 
     ```Shell Session
     git lfs install 
     git lfs pull
     ```
  * More details can be found on the [git lfs website](https://git-lfs.github.com/)

## Configure and test the Placenote SDK
* Open the example scene in Placenotes/Scenes/
* Place your API key in the 'Lib Placenote' component of PlacenoteCameraManager
* Switch the build platform to iOS, and always build in Release mode for optimal performance
* Run Sample App. Note that within Unity, the library cannot be compiled for simulation and will throw Linker errors. ARKit is also currently incompatible with running in simulation. Please attach hardware and run the sample app on that!
* In the Xcode project generated by Unity you will need to make a couple of changes:
    * Under the 'General' tab add 'Placenote.framework' to 'Embedded Binaries'
    * Under the 'Build Settings' tab set 'Enable Bitcode' to NO

To integrate this into your own app/scene:
* Copy the Placenote folder into your project
* Add the PlacenoteCameraManager prefab to your scene, removing the original camera
    * Make sure to set your API key
* Read further API documentation here: https://developer.placenote.com/api/unity/
